load GAE (#3301)
perma-id/w3id.org: dggs/README.md

# /dggs/

> In the automotive industry a significant amount of the research and development (R\&D) data stems from computer-aided engineering (CAE) in several disciplines. Introducing semantics for this domain improves the accessibility of the data and, in particular, will contribute to the cross-functional use of the data. In this work, we provide  an organized schema that incorporates information from various structured and unstructured data sources, taking care to include relevant concepts within the domain. The present work originates from the vehicle safety R&D process, which includes computer-aided design, CAE, and safety attributes from vehicle performance assessment programs. In particular, we propose semantics that enable searchability, filtering, recommendation, and prediction for crash CAE data during the automotive R&D process for vehicle safety. Furthermore, the data modelling enables multidisciplinary problem-solving with respect to other aspects of vehicle development, and outline the use of the ontology for R&D on the combination of passive and active safety in the future. We describe previous efforts in comparison to our proposal, discuss its strengths and limitations, and identify areas for future work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the automotive industry, a significant amount of research and development (R&D) data stems from computer-aided engineering (CAE) in several disciplines. Introducing semantics for this domain improves the accessibility of the data and, in particular, will contribute to cross-functional use of the data. In this work, we provide an organized schema that incorporates information from various structured and unstructured data sources, taking care to include relevant concepts within the domain. The present work originates from the vehicle safety R&D process, which includes computer-aided design, CAE, and safety attributes from vehicle performance assessment programs. In particular, we propose semantics that enable searchability, filtering, recommendation, and prediction for crash CAE data during the automotive R&D process for vehicle safety. Furthermore, the data modeling enables multidisciplinary problem-solving with respect to other aspects of vehicle development, and outlines the use of the ontology for R&D on the combination of passive and active safety in the future. We describe previous efforts in comparison to our proposal, discuss its strengths and limitations, and identify areas for future work.
```

[SURROUND Australia Pty Ltd](https://surroundaustralia.com)  
Brisbane, Queensland  
<nicholas.car@surroundaustralia.com>  

> GitHub: [nicholascar](https://github.com/antahiap)

Reviewer: Assuming acceptance by @nicholascar
```suggestion
GitHub: [antahiap](https://github.com/antahiap)
```
